JDK:Java Development Kit (used to develop java apps which are platform independant)

JRE: Java Runtime Environment (used to run java apps) - is an implementation of JVM which is platform dependant. 

Question:  What are the scenarios to select instance variable, static variable and local variable?
		//Using instance variables, when we are dealing with many instances of a object. These instances of a object independently change the value of their own adopted variables without changing the value of original instance variables.
		//Using static variables, when we want them to be accessed by all methods in the class without initiating an instance of a object , and for faster execution and save memory (because it is stored in class/method area in memory, and only one static member needs to maintained) 
		//Using local variables, when we don't want them to be accessed by any other methods in the class, except the method itself. 

Question1: Is JVM platform independent? 

Question2:  What are the scenarios to select instance variable, static variable and local variable?

Question3:  Whats difference between literal approach and new keyword approach of String object creation?

Question4:  Whats difference between == operator and equals() ?

Question5:  Is String mutable?

Question6:   Whats difference among String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
	// String is immutable, if mutability is required we should use stringbuffer or string builder
	//Stringbuffer is synchronized and have thread safety where stringbuilder is not, Hence string builder is faster


What is inheritance?
	//allows code reusability from a parent class

Question7:  what is the use of this and super keywords? 

Question8:  What is the order of constructor execution in inheritance? 

Question9:  whats use of this() and super()? 

Question10:  Briefly describe polymorphism?

Question11:  what is encapsulation. Give an example? 

Question12:  Scenarios to select  interface, abstract class and concrete classes?